[RHDEVDOCS-3027] ODC Release Notes, Known Issues, and Bug Fixes for 4.7.z (#34416)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-7-release-notes.adoc

* Technology preview badges were displayed on the OpenShift Pipelines workflows in the web console, though OpenShift Pipelines was GA. The Technology preview badges are now removed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1945153[*BZ#1945153*])

> * Previously, *Pipelines* you created in the git import flow for private repos failed to run. This happened because *Pipeline* ServiceAccount did not use secrets created by git import flow for private git repositories. With this update, you can add a secret name to the pipeline ServiceAccount's annotations, and add pipeline-specific annotations to the provided secret. As a result, *Pipelines* for private git repositories run successfully. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970485[BZ#1970485])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, any *Pipelines* you created in the git import flow for private repos failed to run. This happened because the *Pipeline* `ServiceAccount` object did not use secrets created by git import flow for private git repositories. With this update, you can add a secret name to the pipeline `ServiceAccount` object's annotations, and add pipeline-specific annotations to the provided secret. As a result, *Pipelines* for private git repositories run successfully. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970485[BZ#1970485])
```

Reviewer 2: Same comments given for L1573 in this PR: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/34411

Please incorporate them.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion @rolfedh. Incorporated it in the new commit.

> * Previously, pipelines created in the Git import flow for private repositories failed to run. This happened because the pipeline `ServiceAccount` did not use secrets created by the Git import flow for private Git repositories. With this update, you can add a secret name to the annotations of the pipeline `ServiceAccount` object, and add pipeline-specific annotations to the provided secret. As a result, pipelines for private Git repositories run successfully. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970485[BZ#1970485])

Reviewer 3: Nit pick: Maybe instead of `previously` you could say something like, `Before BLANK RELEASE, the pipelines created in the Git import flow for private repositories failed to run.` 

I think this rephrase could be more specific and help with translation. However, it's up to you as `previously` works fine here :)

Reviewer 4: Change the second sentence to: ... because the pipeline `ServiceAccount` object did not use secrets

Author: Done

> * Previously, pipelines created in the Git import flow for private repositories failed to run. This happened because the pipeline `ServiceAccount` did not use secrets created by the Git import flow for private Git repositories. With this update, you can add a secret name to the annotations of the pipeline `ServiceAccount` object, and add pipeline-specific annotations to the provided secret. As a result, pipelines for private Git repositories run successfully. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970485[BZ#1970485])

Reviewer 3: Another nit pick. I try to avoid generic words like, "this, that, it, there" as subjects of sentences. 

To be more specific, you could say something like, `This failure happened because the pipeline...`

> * Previously, pipelines created in the Git import flow for private repositories failed to run. This happened because the pipeline `ServiceAccount` did not use secrets created by the Git import flow for private Git repositories. With this update, you can add a secret name to the annotations of the pipeline `ServiceAccount` object, and add pipeline-specific annotations to the provided secret. As a result, pipelines for private Git repositories run successfully. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970485[BZ#1970485])

Reviewer 3: I'm not as familiar with release notes, but I assume it's standard for release notes to include links in parenthesis at the end of a bullet point? 

I see you do it throughout, so that's good for consistency sake. Thought I'd ask since I am not used to seeing links displayed this way :)

> * Previously, the *Start Modal* did not recognize an empty string as a valid entry, so you had to enter a value. This happened even though the *Tekton Operator* recognizes empty strings as a valid `parameter default`. With this update, you have the option to enter an empty string. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966275[BZ#1966275])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the *Start Modal* field did not recognize an empty string as a valid entry, so you had to enter a value. This happened even though the *Tekton Operator* recognizes empty strings as a valid `parameter default`. With this update, you have the option to enter an empty string. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966275[BZ#1966275])
```

Reviewer 4: @rishumehra can you please confirm with @sanketpathak that *Start Modal* and *Tekton Operator* are UI elements? Modal  is commonly used in the developer parlance and not in the docs. Also, I know of OpenShift Pipelines Operator, can you check if Tekton Operator is correct here. Unless it is a GUI element, suggest you remove the bold format for it.

Reviewer 5: Tecton operator is not a UI element but Start Modal is although you will know better regarding how you treat `Modal` word in docs, and I agree with @Preeticp's point to remove bold from  Tecton operator
WDYT @karthikjeeyar

Reviewer 4: Hey @sanketpathak, @karthikjeeyar  is the name of the modal in the UI 'Start Modal' ? We need to capture the name of the dialog box/page as is from the UI.

Reviewer 5: It is 'Start Pipeline Modal'

Author: @Preeticp  I just confirmed with @nemesis09 that Start Modal is not a UI element. So we cannot represent it as bold. I will make the changes.

Reviewer 4: @rishumehra please replace Tekton Operator with OpenShift Pipelines Operator

> * Previously, the Start Modal field did not recognize an empty string as a valid entry, so you had to enter a value. This happened even though the Tekton Operator recognizes empty strings as a valid `parameter default`. With this update, you have the option to enter an empty string. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966275[BZ#1966275])

Reviewer 3: If you take my suggestion for removing `previously`, please do so for all bullet points. If that's too much work given the deadline for this release note, don't worry about it :)

> * Previously, the Start Modal field did not recognize an empty string as a valid entry, so you had to enter a value. This happened even though the Tekton Operator recognizes empty strings as a valid `parameter default`. With this update, you have the option to enter an empty string. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966275[BZ#1966275])

Reviewer 3: Like my previous comment, I think it's best to avoid `this, that, it, there` as subjects of sentences because these words are generic. 

`This failure/error/lack of recognition happened even though the Tekton Operator...`

Reviewer 4: s/Start Pipeline modal
s/ Tekton Operator/OpenShift Pipelines Operator

Author: Done

> * Previously, a decorator was shown for revisions in *Topology view* because annotations were passed to specifications of knative service along with metadata. Now the required decorators are shown for the knative service only in the *Topology view* and not with the associated revisions. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1954962[BZ#1954962])

Reviewer 4: Knative - K is always capital in Knative

Author: Done

> * Previously, a decorator was shown for revisions in *Topology view* because annotations were passed to specifications of Knative service along with metadata. Now the required decorators are shown for the knative service only in the *Topology view* and not with the associated revisions. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1954962[BZ#1954962])

Reviewer 3: I think passive voice is fine here, especially considering that we want the RN in today....however, the problem with passive voice is that it often leaves questions unanswered to users. 

For instance, reading, `annotations were passed to specifications of Knative service`, I don't know who/what passed the annotations to the specifications. 

I can't change this sentence to active voice, because I don't know who/what is doing the action. Here are some suggestions for how to make the rest of the bullet point active, if you wish (again, I don't think passive voice reads badly here, so I think it's fine to be kept as is):

`Previously, the *Topology* view showed a decorator for revisions because the annotations were passed to the specifications of Knative service along with the metadata. Now,  only the *Topology* view shows the required decorators for the knative service.`

Reviewer 4: K capital in Knative in the last sentence.

Reviewer 4: Please use the same wording as here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/34411/files#diff-d1bde4944d8eb8c20936e6de118951cc975445318afef3c7d559ef4375ebb729R1572 This part: "The current release fixes this issue by passing annotations only to the Knative service metadata." is important and helps user understand the issue better.

Author: Done
